In KMIT there are two departments i.e CSE & AIML with three sections each.
Any student who belongs to department other than CSE&AIML should not be allowed in KMIT.
1.Rupa studies in 4th year in CSE department with CGPA of 7.6. She needs to apply for post graduation. 
In current semester her score was {98,98,98} , Can you check whether she can make it.
2.Priya’s age is 19. She studies in civil department and right now she is in 3rd year. She wants to know CGPA



Create a university management system where you have scholarship students and normal students , every student should be able to calculate his CGPA and can apply for PostGraduation only if he is in 4th year and have more than 8.0 CGPA. 
A student is eligible for scholarship only if his CGPA is more than 9.0 . The student should be able to pay the fees based on his academic year , the fees would be half for scholarship students. 
Election is around the corner we will make sure all students who have paid fees and have indian nationailty are allowed to vote. 
Create a system where you can create 3 scholarship students 
1. Pragnya - Indian - 3rd year , 8.9 current CGPA 
2. Sameul - African - 2nd year , 7.2 current CGPA 
3. Tikku - Indian - 4th year , 9.2 current CGPA
 and 3 students of the following details 
1. pankaj  - indonesian , 4 , 8.8
2. jim - Canadian , 3rd , 8.9 
3. Seema - Indian , 4 , 9.9

Check if these students can Vote or not and in case they cant so ask them to pay their due fees and make them vote


As such in a Bank there is no Account , it is either a savings account or a current account, create a bank management system where a customer can open a bank account based on his need current or savings. 
Current Account:
A current account is primarily used by businesses, companies, and individuals for managing day-to-day financial transactions.
It typically offers features such as unlimited transactions, overdraft facilities, checkbook facilities, and online banking services.
Current accounts usually do not pay any interest on the deposited amount.
These accounts may require a higher minimum balance to be maintained compared to savings accounts.
They are suited for frequent transactions, payments, and withdrawals.
Savings Account:

A savings account is designed for individuals to save money and earn interest on their deposits.
It usually has limitations on the number of transactions allowed per month, but it provides interest on the deposited amount.
Savings accounts often come with features like ATM/debit cards, online banking, and mobile banking facilities.
They generally have a lower minimum balance requirement compared to current accounts.
Savings accounts are suitable for individuals who want to save money for short-term or long-term goals while earning interest on their deposits.